README.md, before:

# Share Links
Share links like Spotify music and YouTube videos with others on OSRS

![How it works](share-links.gif)

## Share Music on Spotify
1. Find a track on Spotify that you want to share. 
2. Copy its link by right clicking -> Share -> "Copy Song Link" or "Copy Spotify URI". You can do this on both Spotify Desktop and Web.
3. In OSRS, type "!share" to share the track. You and anyone who sees the share message will have their Share Links Panel on the right updated with the track.
4. If you want to check out the track, click the link in your Share Links Panel. You can choose whether to open the song in Desktop or Web in the plugin settings (Default: Web).

# Changelog
v1.0 - Added support for sharing Spotify tracks

# Roadmap
- v1.1 Add Playlists and Artists to Spotify Link Sharing
- v1.2 Add YouTube Link Sharing
- v1.3 Add Reddit Link Sharing
- v1.4 Add Amazon Link Sharing
- v1.5 Add filtering for friends and clanmates
- v1.6 Save shared links on local disk
- v1.7 Save shared links to RuneLite account

Commit message:

Add note about Spotify auth

README.md, after:

# Share Links
Share links like Spotify music and YouTube videos with others on OSRS

![How it works](share-links.gif)

## Share Music on Spotify
**Note: When sharing a link for the first time once you boot up RuneLite, a browser window will pop up and ask you to allow access to Spotify. This is only so that we can get music information like album art -- we do not get any of your information.**
1. Find a track on Spotify that you want to share. 
2. Copy its link by right clicking -> Share -> "Copy Song Link" or "Copy Spotify URI". You can do this on both Spotify Desktop and Web.
3. In OSRS, type "!share" to share the track. You and anyone who sees the share message will have their Share Links Panel on the right updated with the track.
4. If you want to check out the track, click the link in your Share Links Panel. You can choose whether to open the song in Desktop or Web in the plugin settings (Default: Web).

# Changelog
v1.0 - Added support for sharing Spotify tracks

# Roadmap
- v1.1 Add Playlists and Artists to Spotify Link Sharing
- v1.2 Add YouTube Link Sharing
- v1.3 Add Reddit Link Sharing
- v1.4 Add Amazon Link Sharing
- v1.5 Add filtering for friends and clanmates
- v1.6 Save shared links on local disk
- v1.7 Save shared links to RuneLite account
